Use npm start to run the application.

Description:

The Lockbox Application contains multiple lockboxes, starting with 100 autogenerated keys each, that are stored in FireBaseIo.

The idea is that the user is able to create new lockboxes or request a not already used key from one of the lockboxes.

The technologies used here were FireBase to contain the data and keep a three way binding between model, view and data inside the database. Also we used Angular Bootstrap to show the lockboxes as buttons, changing their class when a lockbox becomes empty (it turns from blue to red). And to top it off we used Google Fonts to show the keys obtained from within the lockboxes.

We organized the application, in a very specific way.

In a folder named modules, the default view module is defined an also we use the config section of the module to configure the possible routes and templates here. In this case there is only a route and a view.

In a folder named filters, is the unique special filter used here, that is used to generate an array of positive integers between 0 and an n parameter.

In a folder named constans, are stored the constants of the applications such as the number of original lockboxes, new number of keys of a newly generated lockbox, and credentials to access firebase, and key characters used to generated keys.

In a folder named views, we store the only view of this project, which uses AngularJS syntax to show the lockboxes using ng-repeat and shows the keys retrieved by the user from a lockbox. Here occurs part of the three way binding that FireBaseIo introduces, because, if a new lockbox is changed in the database, it would be shown inmediately in the view, because the lockbox collection is being watched in the controller. New keys can be obtained by calling the controller functions, in the ng-click functions of the buttons (lockboxes) being shown.

In a folder named controller, we program the behavior of the application, such as the access to FireBaseIo, and we have the function methods logic to get a new key, generate a new lockbox, populate all the lockboxes from FireBaseIo, watch the lockbox collection in FireBase, to secure the triple binding of FireBaseIo, and all the rest of the view logic resides here.

Then in the root folder in this particular project is stored a .css file to store the only css class used. In bigger projects, there would be a companion css folder structure for each core functionality (but not in this one).

In the app.js file, we define the main module of the application, we inject some dependencies such as ngRoute, and the other modules, and in the config section of this module, we set with $routeProvider provider, the defaultView as default.

The index.html file contains references to angular, bootstrap, google fonts, firebase and other frameworks used, and also to each file being used in the application.

Something that could have been done better was to move the FireBaseIo data interaction from the controller to a service, but in this simple example it didn't seem necessary.
